Genetic Algorithm to solve Knapsack Problem with given knapsack values. Run with `python3 main.py`.

As a genetic algorithm, each gene in the genome is whether or not a box of a given weight and value is placed in the backpack. A full genome is a list of these inclusions, represented as a list of true/false values. A population of individuals with random possible genomes are created, and each individual's fitness is evaluated by assessing their value given their weight. If the weight exceeds the backpack limit, their overall fitness is penalized depending on how far over the weight they exceed, so that individuals with high fitness have the highest values of the population that are near or under the backpack weight. With each generation, random mutations in the form of single gene mutations and single crossover mutations are introduced, and 50% of individuals with the highest fitness are culled, resulting in later generations' top individuals achieving a greater fitness level.

Assumptions:
- Assumed calculation of fitness value: rather than assessing fitness purely on value and eliminating all individuals whose weight exceeded the backpack weight, I issued an penalty depending on how far it exceeds the weight so that individuals who reach a very high value but marginally exceed the weight limit are still considered for mutations, potentially reaching a better solution faster.
- Assumed generation end via convergence: I set an arbitrary generation limit such that if a certain number of generations have passed without improvement to the individual with the highest fitness achieved so far, the best possible solution has probably been reached and should be returned rather than continuing to search fruitlessly.
